All is fading brighter
So why we feel the same?
Shadows lifting all around
And no memories to frame
Our dreams are just like paper birds
Lost in winds of time
Our love is like a stranger
And the people passing by
They say Love is a riddle
Love's a sacred law
It lifts us to the heavens
Then watches as we fall
They say Love is a riddle
Love's a sacred law
It lifts us to the heavens
Then watches as we fall
Living in the silence
Of candles burning blue
Up above the towers
There ain't no solitude
Memories are made of stone
A taste of bitter truth
It's like we never knew love
We were searching for our youth
They say Love is a riddle
Love's a sacred law
It lifts us to the heavens
Then watches as we fall
They say Love is a riddle
Love's a sacred law
It lifts us to the heavens
Then watches as we fall
As we fall
They say Love is a riddle
Love's a sacred law
It lifts us to the heavens
Then watch us as we fall
They say Love is a riddle
Love's a sacred law
It lifts us to the heavens
Then watch us as we fall